The computer is one of the marvels of modern science. Its origin may be traced to the mechanical calculating machine that was invented by Charles Babbage, an English mathematician, in 1834. The machine could not fully realize the purpose that Babbage had in mind, because of the inadequate engineering skill of the time. Today’s computers are electronic. A computer can work very fast because it runs on a small current of electricity that flows at a very high speed. With the help of stored information and data, it can do calculations of very large figures within a very short time. Within seconds a computer can add, subtract, multiply and divide very large figures. Such calculations would take even an expert mathematician a much longer time to complete. Today computers are used widely in all advanced countries in data processing which means compilation, correlation, and selection of facts. In all fields of research and industry and business, the use of computers is constantly on the rise. There are two types of computers: digital and analog. The first processes information numerically, the latter provides information in terms of quantity rather than by numerical counting. But computers can do their work only when a series of clearly defined information is fed into them, which is known as programming. For this a specialized programming language is necessary. The benefits of computers are many. They economize time, speed up work, save labor and in the long run reduce costs. In all advanced countries, they are used in educational institutions, industries, research laboratories. government departments and so on. In space research, they are of great importance. In India computers are gradually being introduced to facilitate work in different fields, but not to the required extent. There is strong opposition to the wider introduction of its use because many employees in private and public sectors fear that the use of computers may lead to large-scale unemployment in a country that is already plagued by this problem.